Call for <person>Kenteris</person> to be cleared

<person>Kostas Kenteris</person>' lawyer has called for the doping charges
against the Greek sprinter to be dropped.

<person>Gregory Ioannidis</person> has submitted new evidence to a Greek
athletics tribunal which he claims proves the former Olympic champion has no
case to answer.  <person>Kenteris</person> and compatriot <person>Katerina
Thanou</person> were given provisional suspensions in December for failing to
take drugs tests before the Athens Olympics. The Greek tribunal is expected to
give its verdict early next week. <person>Kenteris</person> and
<person>Thanou</person> withdrew from the Athens Olympics last August after
missing drugs tests on the eve of the opening ceremony. They were also alleged
to have avoided tests in Tel Aviv and Chicago before the Games.

But <person>Ioannidis</person> said: "Everything overwhelmingly shows that the
charges should be dropped." <person>Ioannidis</person> also said he has
presented evidence that will throw a different light on the events leading up
to the pair's sensational withdrawal from the Athens Games. The lawyer added
that he has proof the authorities "knew" <person>Kenteris</person> was in
Germany at the time he was alleged to have missed a test in Chicago.
<person>Nick Davies</person>, spokesman for athletics' ruling body the IAAF,
which handed out the provisional bans, said: "We can't comment because we were
not present at the hearing and don't know what was said behind closed doors.
"We expect a verdict from the Greek Athletics Federation before the end of
February and will obviously be making a statement then."
<person>Kenteris</person> won 200m gold at the
2000 Sydney Olympics, while <person>Thanou</person> won silver in the 100m.
