<person>McIlroy</person> aiming for Madrid title

Northern Ireland man <person>James McIlroy</person> is confident he can win his
first major title at this weekend's Spar European Indoor Championships in
Madrid.

The 28-year-old has been in great form in recent weeks and will go in as one of
the 800 metres favourites. "I believe after my wins abroad and in our trial
race in Sheffield, I can run my race from the front, back or middle," said
<person>McIlroy</person>. New coach <person>Tony Lester</person> has helped get
<person>McIlroy</person>'s career back on track.  The 28-year-old 800 metres
runner has not always matched his promise with performances but believes his
decision to change coaches and move base will bring the rewards.
<person>McIlroy</person> now lives in Windsor and feels his career has been
transformed by the no-nonsense leadership style of former Army sergeant
<person>Lester</person>.  <person>Lester</person> is better known for his work
with 400m runners <person>Roger Black</person> and <person>Mark
Richardson</person> in the past but under his guidance <person>McIlroy</person>
has secured five wins this indoor season.

<person>McIlroy</person> now claims he is in his best shape since finishing
fourth for Ireland at the outdoor European Championships in 1998. "That was my
last decent year," said <person>McIlroy</person>, who temporarily retired last
August before returning to the sport under Lester's shrewd guidance. "Before,
every race was like trying to climb Mount Everest and I now know you can't do
it on your own. "Trying to succeed saw me sometimes standing half-dead and
terrified on the starting line, which became a bit too much."
<person>McIlroy</person>, who was compared to the likes of <person>Sebastian
Coe</person>, <person>Steve Cram</person> and <person>Steve Ovett</person> in
his younger days, is now competing without the benefit of National Lottery
funding. That situation could change if he maintains his current form and
repeats the world-class times he produced in the 800m and 1000m at major races
in Erfurt and Stuttgart earlier this season.  Russian <person>Dmitriy
Bogdanov</person> won at the same Madrid venue last week and then claimed the
European Championship race would be between himself, Dutchman <person>Arnoud
Okken</person> and <person>Antonio Reina</person> of Spain but
<person>McIlroy</person> is unfazed.

He admitted: "He looked quite good in his win and fair enough everyone has the
right to their own opinion. "I never write myself off and let's face it,
I haven't or looked like being beaten this season." And
<person>McIlroy</person>, whose time of one minute 46.68seconds in Erfurt
elevated him to sixth place on the UK All-Time list, is also already looking
beyond Madrid. He said: "I've been much more focused this year about my career
and having such a good team around me has been very important. "Ultimately of
course, this weekend is a means to an end and that is getting prepared for the
summer's world championships. "That ambition has meant that I've had only two
nights out since last August. The rest of my time has seen me just
concentrating on rebuilding my career."
